Docs/update code sec docs and workflow (#49)
uktrade/.github: templates/SECURITY_CHECKLIST.md

- [ ] [Repository access has been reviewed](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#repository-access)
- [ ] [A `CODEOWNERS` file exists so the right people review changes](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#codeowners)
- [ ] [The pull request template reminds reviewers to check for secrets](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#pull-request-template)
- [ ] [The mandatory custom GitHub properties are set](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#custom-github-properties)
- [ ] [Advanced CodeQL is set up if the repository accepts PRs from forks (optional)](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#codeql-for-fork-based-prs-optional)

## 3. Organisation-applied controls

Controls applied by an organisation administrator and verified by a repository administrator.

- [ ] [The DBT GitHub security configuration is applied to the repository](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#github-security-configuration)

> - [ ] [Branch protection rules apply to the default branch](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#branch-protection-rules)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] [The default branch protection ruleset is applied to the default branch](https://github.com/uktrade/.github/blob/main/SECURITY.md#branch-protection-rules)
```
